This assignment was a little difficult for me since I originally tried to get it done without using the example as a reference, but in the end I had to use it. Luckily, I figured it out pretty quickly and managed to start adding more info that would carry over to the html. The JS itself overwrites anything that you have in the html, so you while you pull from one document to the other you need to have the breaks and other text in there so it doesn't get overwritten.
I guess the main outcome of this assignment for me is realizing how a lot of sites redirect you around while carrying over user information. I assume that written text file is similar to a cookie, retaining that information while carried over through the site and being grabbed later, like how a website remembers a user when they return as long as they still have that cookie, though I am a little curious as to the exact method used to do so.
Node.js itself looks likes its widely used and incredibly versatile, and I assume when streams are done it is similar to how youtube or netflix outputs video, streaming that data in real time and but not relying on any buffering. It kind of fits with what we've done throughout the semester as previously we've had to rely on github, which can only use static HTML pages. Now that we're getting a little more technical we need a new sort of engine to run it on that can help us do more dynamic actions, and Node can not only do some heavy stuff but also give us live documents that we can write to in real time, so we can do work more effectively.
